Gorgeous Paisley Antelope

medium

# Blacklisting functionality affects minting and burning in mTBILL

## Summary

The blacklisting functionality prevents any type of transfer being done in mTBILL token. This affects minting and burning operation.  This might be inconvenient especially for burn operation. If protocol owner wants to safely burn tokens for blacklisted account the owner must firstly remove account from blacklist or pause the entire protocol. In first case the blacklisted account could front-run owner operation. In second case the pause will affect whole protocol and prevent legitimate users from using the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The overwritten `_beforeTokenTransfer` function makes use of `onlyNotBlacklisted` modifier for both `from` and `to` modifier. With the current version of [ERC20Upgradeable](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/release-v4.9/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20Upgradeable.sol) it affects any transfer operation, including mint and burn.

```solidity
    function burn(address from, uint256 amount)
        external
        onlyRole(M_TBILL_BURN_OPERATOR_ROLE, msg.sender)
    {
        _burn(from, amount);
    }
```

```solidity
    function _beforeTokenTransfer(
        address from,
        address to,
        uint256 amount
    )
        internal
        virtual
        override(ERC20PausableUpgradeable)
        onlyNotBlacklisted(from)
        onlyNotBlacklisted(to)
    {
        ERC20PausableUpgradeable._beforeTokenTransfer(from, to, amount);
    }
```

## Impact

To burn from the blacklisted account the owner must remove affected account from blacklist in prior of executing the operation, so user may front-run it to circumvent tokens burning. Alternatively the whole protocol must be paused, which may affect the whole protocol timely.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL.sol#L90

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to implement single functionality that will temporarily delist user from blacklist, perform burn or mint operation and enlist on blacklist again within single transaction.
