Fun Hickory Otter

medium

# Inadequate Blacklist Implementation Affecting Token Burns

## Summary

The current blacklist implementation prevents operators from burning tokens from blacklisted addresses, which contradicts the project specification and regulatory requirements, potentially leading to significant operational problems.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the project specifications, blacklisted addresses should be restricted from transferring or receiving tokens. The project operates in a highly regulated environment, requiring strict compliance and the ability to act when a blacklisted actor is holding tokens. However, the current implementation checks for blacklisted addresses in the **`_beforeTokenTransfer`** hook. This results in an issue where an operator with the **`M_TBILL_BURN_OPERATOR_ROLE`** cannot burn tokens from blacklisted addresses.

This behavior is not aligned with the project specifications and regulatory requirements, leading to significant problems in protocol operations, such as:

1. Preventing the removal of tokens from circulation for blacklisted addresses.
2. Hindering the enforcement of blacklisting policies and maintaining the integrity of the token economy.

## Impact

Medium

## Code Snippet

Blacklist feature in USDC contract

```jsx
/**
 * @dev Throws if argument account is blacklisted.
 * @param _account The address to check.
 */
modifier notBlacklisted(address _account) {
    require(
        !_isBlacklisted(_account),
        "Blacklistable: account is blacklisted"
    );
    _;
}
```

Token hook that prevents not only token transfer but also token minting and burning (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL.sol#L101):

```jsx
function _beforeTokenTransfer(
    address from,
    address to,
    uint256 amount
)
    internal
    virtual
    override(ERC20PausableUpgradeable)
    onlyNotBlacklisted(from)
    onlyNotBlacklisted(to)
{
...
}
```

By default ERC20 _beforeTokenTransfer hook is invoked not only on transfer but on mint and burn as well.

```jsx
/**
 * @dev Hook that is called before any transfer of tokens. This includes
 * minting and burning.
 *
 * Calling conditions:
 *
 * - when `from` and `to` are both non-zero, `amount` of ``from``'s tokens
 * will be transferred to `to`.
 * - when `from` is zero, `amount` tokens will be minted for `to`.
 * - when `to` is zero, `amount` of ``from``'s tokens will be burned.
 * - `from` and `to` are never both zero.
 *
 * To learn more about hooks, head to xref:ROOT:extending-contracts.adoc#using-hooks[Using Hooks].
 */
function _beforeTokenTransfer(address from, address to, uint256 amount) internal virtual {}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To align with the project specifications and regulatory requirements, modify the blacklist logic to allow operators to burn tokens from blacklisted addresses.
