Main Ash Troll

medium

# The user needs to pay the minimum deposit once, but there is a possibility of him paying it more than once.

## Summary
The user needs to pay the minimum deposit just the first time he deposits, but there is a possibility that the user will need to pay the minimum deposit amount more than once.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `freeFromMinDeposit` function is a function that can be run only by the vault admin. This function sets the 
`isFreeFromMinDeposit`  to true for the user. When the admin runs the `freeFromMinDeposit` on behalf of the user only then can the user deposit again with no minimum deposit. 
But if we picture a scenario where the user deposits for the first time he pays more than the minimum deposit and everything is going as it should be. The problem lies in the scenario where the user decides to deposit again only after a short period of time, but the admin hasn't yet run the `freeFromMinDeposit` function on behalf of the user and the user will need to pay the minimum deposit amount again making him pay it more than once.

## Impact
The user will need to pay the minimum deposit amount more than once.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/a4a3cc23bb891913ce44665a4cdea9f5c1190f6c/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91-L112

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/a4a3cc23bb891913ce44665a4cdea9f5c1190f6c/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L117-L123

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I would suggest making the function `freeFromMinDeposit` internal and running it in the `deposit` function after checking if the user is free from paying the minimum deposit. Or put some kind of delay between deposits so the admin runs the `freeFromMinDeposit` on behalf of the user in that delay time.

```solidity
    function deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
        address user = msg.sender;

        _requireTokenExists(tokenIn);

        lastRequestId.increment();
        uint256 requestId = lastRequestId.current();

        if (!isFreeFromMinDeposit[user]) {
            _validateAmountUsdIn(user, amountUsdIn);
        }
        require(amountUsdIn > 0, "DV: invalid amount");

        totalDeposited[user] += amountUsdIn;
        _tokenTransferFromUser(tokenIn, amountUsdIn);
+      freeFromMinDeposit(user);

        emit Deposit(requestId, user, tokenIn, amountUsdIn);
    }
```