Little Myrtle Pigeon

medium

# Allowing a Blacklisted user to call deposit in DepositVault will allow him to ignore minAmountToDepositInUsd when his blacklisted is revoked.

## Summary

When a user is Blacklisted, he can still interact with the DepositVault and call `deposit()`. For legal and reputational risks (f.e. suspicion that money might be linked to human trafficking) the protocol does not want the money and will transfer it back to the user. 

Yet the `totaldeposits[user]` is permanently increased during the first deposit call and there is no way of decreasing it. 

This means that when the Blacklisted status is removed, the contract will consider the user an existing depositor and will not check the amount against minAmountToDepositInUsd, allowing the user to deposit any amount.

## Vulnerability Detail
Example: 

- Day 0: Company X request Greenlisted status from Midas Protocol to deposit funds. 
- Day 5: Initial investigation concludes positively and Company X is granted Greenlisted status. 
- Day 9: Midas Protocol receives information that there is a judicial investigation ongoing against Company X related to human trafficking. To avoid any risk of contamination with tainted funds, Midas Protocol immediately Blacklists Company X.
- Day 10: Not aware of the blacklisting, Company X calls `deposit()` for $100k. This increases `totaldeposits[Company X]` to 100k.
- Day 11: Midas notices the deposit and immediately transfers the $100k back to Company X since they do not want any funds from a blacklisted user.  `totaldeposits[Company X]` remains set to 100k.
- Day 20: Judicial investigation is resolved and Company X is fully cleared of any suspicion, it was based on faulty information
- Day 22: Company X request their blacklisted status to be revoked and Midas Protocol agrees.
- Day 25: Company X calls `deposit()` for $10k. The deposit call is accepted since the check against minAmountToDepositInUsd is skipped whenever `totaldeposits[user]!=0`

Company X can deposit any amount, the minAmountToDepositInUsd check is not enforced and the `totaldeposits[]` variable is off by 100k.

 


## Impact

This breaks the `minAmountToDepositInUsd` invariant imposed by the protocol on first deposits and causes a deviation between actual deposits and tracked deposits. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91-L112

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL.sol#L90-L102
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The Greenlisted and Blacklisted roles should be mutually exclusive. If a user is Blacklisted, his Greenlisted role should be revoked immediately and automatically. 

This will block any interaction of blacklisted users with the protocol, which should be the intended effect of blacklisting. 

