Thankful Pink Mule

high

# Incorrect Decimal Conversion in `function deposit()` .

## Summary
##### File - DepositVault.sol
The **`DepositVault.sol`** contract uses the wrong decimal conversion function in the `_tokenTransferFromUser` method within the `function deposit()`, which can lead to incorrect calculations of deposit amounts for tokens with different decimal places.

## Vulnerability Detail
The **`DepositVault.sol`** contract has a `function deposit()` that allows users to deposit tokens. Inside this function, the `_tokenTransferFromUser` function is called to transfer tokens from the user to the vault. This function uses the `convertFromBase18 ` method to convert the deposit amount from base 18 to the token's decimal format.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91-L112

However, using `convertFromBase18` is incorrect in this context. The deposit amount provided by the user should be converted to base 18 (standard ERC20 format used internally) rather than from base 18. Using the wrong conversion function can lead to incorrect amounts being transferred and misrepresentation of the user's deposit.

### Example:
- ***User Input: 1,000 USDC (which has 6 decimals)***
- **Current Conversion**: `convertFromBase18`
  - Incorrectly converts 1,000 * \(10^6 \div 10^{18-6}\) = 1,000,000 / \(10^{12}\) = 0.001
- **Expected Conversion**: `convertToBase18`
  - Correctly converts 1,000 * \(10^6 \times 10^{18-6}\) = 1,000,000 * \(10^{12}\) = \(10^{18}\)

The correct amount to be transferred should be \(10^{18}\), but using the wrong conversion results in incorrect transfer logic.

## Impact
Using the incorrect conversion function leads to incorrect deposit amounts being transferred and recorded in the contract, which can cause significant financial discrepancies, user confusion, and potential loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
Code Changes required in this function from the `ManageableVault.sol`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/abstract/ManageableVault.sol#L151-L157

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix the issue, replace the `convertFromBase18` function with the `convertToBase18` function in the `_tokenTransferFromUser` method. This will ensure that the deposit amount is correctly converted to the token's native decimal format before transferring.

```diff
function _tokenTransferFromUser(address token, uint256 amount) internal {
    IERC20(token).safeTransferFrom(
        msg.sender,
        tokensReceiver,
-       amount.convertFromBase18(_tokenDecimals(token));
+       amount.convertToBase18(_tokenDecimals(token));
    );
}
```
