Joyful Beige Lobster

high

# Lack of checks in DepositValue.deposit() and decimals conversion logic can cause deposits with zero assets transfer value

## Summary
**DepositVault** provides **deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn)** function for users as a main deposit interface. Based on the code documentation **amountUsdIn** should be in 10**18 decimals. But actually there is no real checks for that.
This weak spot and specific implementation of **DecimalsCorrectionLibrary.convert()** can be used to corrupt the deposit flow.

Notice:
Both [safeTransfer library](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/v4.9.0/contracts/token/ERC20/utils/SafeERC20Upgradeable.sol) and [USDC](https://github.com/circlefin/stablecoin-evm/blob/master/contracts/v1/FiatTokenV1.sol) based on source codes doesn't have protection from 0 amount transfers.
Not sure why Midas assumes that they have "Revert on zero value transfers" implementation due to Q&A on Sherlock website.
But please correct me if I'm wrong.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are few important points that open vulnerability, in two contracts - DepositVault and DecimalsCorrectionLibrary.

1) **DepositVault.deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn)**  
- assumes that **amountUsdIn** will be be in 10**18 decimals and use **DecimalsCorrectionLibrary** to convert it from 18 to 6 digits during transfer.
```solidity
    function _tokenTransferFromUser(address token, uint256 amount) internal {  
        IERC20(token).safeTransferFrom(
            msg.sender,
            tokensReceiver,
            amount.convertFromBase18(_tokenDecimals(token))  
        );
    }
```
- only real check of **amountUsdIn** is an optional logic that can be bypassed by existing deposit, or by **isFreeFromMinDeposit** feature.
```solidity
        if (!isFreeFromMinDeposit[user]) {
            _validateAmountUsdIn(user, amountUsdIn);
        }
```
```solidity
        if (totalDeposited[user] != 0) return;  
        require(
            amountUsdIn >= minAmountToDepositInUsd(),
            "DV: usd amount < min"
        );
```
- **totalDeposited** contract's global variable updated without check of actual transfer result and transferred assets
```solidity
totalDeposited[user] += amountUsdIn;`
```

2) **DecimalsCorrectionLibrary.convertFromBase18()**
- use **convert(originalAmount, 18, decidedDecimals)** underhood
- implementation of **convert** function doesn't have any check for correct input of **originalAmount** to **originalDecimals** and can return 0 value
```solidity
      function convert(
        uint256 originalAmount,   // 10000 (basically any amount less than 10**originalDecimals)
        uint256 originalDecimals, // 18
        uint256 decidedDecimals // 6 (for USDC)
    ) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        uint256 adjustedAmount;

        if (originalDecimals > decidedDecimals) {
            adjustedAmount =
                originalAmount /
                (10**(originalDecimals - decidedDecimals));  // 10000 / 10**(18-6) = 0
        } else { // For our case rest of function is not needed
```


Actual steps:
1. Precondition: Account already have a deposit or added in **isFreeFromMinDeposit** list.
2. Deposit amount smaller than 18 digits.
3. **totalDeposited[user]** for user updated but zero asset transfer executed.

## Impact
While actual MTBILL transfers done off chain, from contract interface(and actual lack of documentation on that flow) it's pretty clear  that **totalDeposited[user]** will be used as main point to fetch information from contract current state. 
This will lead to company asset lose.
I also assume that such attack can be well hidden with multiple correct deposits, so it will be hard to determine what is wrong.

In compound with Blacklist vulnerability(reported before by me, can't link), there will be no options to block user after he get MTBILL.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91-L112

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/libraries/DecimalsCorrectionLibrary.sol#L18-L39

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- Add checks for valid 18 digits deposit assets input or extend **DecimalsCorrectionLibrary.convert()** with revert when inconsistent arguments are used.