Crazy Sandstone Wolverine

high

# Deposit Will Not Work Correct

## Summary
The `DepositVault::deposit` function exhibits incorrect behavior regardless of whether the user passes the USD amount scaled to 10^18 or not scaled at all.

## Vulnerability Detail
`DepositVault::deposit` it's not working correct. Let's dive deep into it: 

1. Incorrect Scaling of USD Amount

Currently, the `DepositVault::deposit` function expects the USD amount to be scaled off-chain to 18 decimals, as per the method documentation. However, due to a flaw in the implementation, the `minAmountToDepositInUsd` check will always return a value that is not scaled to the expected 18 decimals. This discrepancy arises from the division by `10 ** 18`, leading to an inaccurate comparison. For instance, if `minAmountToDepositInEuro` is set to 100,000(This value was referred by the devs), the check will always evaluate to true, rendering the validation ineffective.

 2. Handling of Unscaled Amounts

Additionally, the function encounters issues when the user provides the amount without scaling it to 18 decimals. In such cases, if the value surpasses `DepositVault::minAmountToDepositInUsd`, the function proceeds to update `totalDeposited[user]` with the unscaled amount. Subsequently, when attempting to send the amount from the user to the contract, the function incorrectly scales down the decimals from 18 to match the token's decimal (e.g., 8 decimals for USDC). However, as the provided value is not scaled to 18 decimals, the scaling down operation is likely to result in 0, leaving the contract in an inconsistent state.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91-L112

## Impact
- **Ineffective Validation**: The incorrect scaling of the USD amount undermines the effectiveness of the `minAmountToDepositInUsd` check, potentially allowing deposits that do not meet the specified criteria.
    
- **Contract Inconsistency**: Mishandling unscaled amounts can lead to inconsistencies in the contract state, posing risks to its integrity and functionality.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
/**
* @inheritdoc IDepositVault
* @dev transfers `tokenIn` from `msg.sender`
* to `tokensReceiver`
* @param tokenIn address of token to deposit.
* @param amountUsdIn amount of token to deposit in 10**18 decimals.
*/
function deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn) external onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender) whenNotPaused {

    address user = msg.sender;
    _requireTokenExists(tokenIn);
	lastRequestId.increment();

	uint256 requestId = lastRequestId.current();
	
	if (!isFreeFromMinDeposit[user]) {
		_validateAmountUsdIn(user, amountUsdIn);
	}
	
	require(amountUsdIn > 0, "DV: invalid amount");
	
	totalDeposited[user] += amountUsdIn;
	
	_tokenTransferFromUser(tokenIn, amountUsdIn);
		
	emit Deposit(requestId, user, tokenIn, amountUsdIn);
}

/**
* @notice minAmountToDepositInEuro converted to USD in base18
*/
function minAmountToDepositInUsd() public view returns (uint256) {
	return (minAmountToDepositInEuro * eurUsdDataFeed.getDataInBase18()) /
	      10 ** 18;
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. **Correct Scaling**: Revise the scaling mechanism used in the `minAmountToDepositInUsd` check to ensure accurate comparison of scaled USD amounts.
    
2. **Standardized Decimal Handling**: Implement standardized procedures for handling both scaled and unscaled amounts consistently, mitigating the risk of contract inconsistencies.
    
3. **Thorough Testing**: Conduct comprehensive testing to validate the behavior of the `DepositVault::deposit` function under various scenarios, ensuring its reliability and resilience against potential exploits.