Quick Cloud Lobster

medium

# Lack of Access Control in `getPaymentTokens` Function

## Summary
The `getPaymentTokens` function in the smart contract is designed to return an array of stablecoins supported by the vault. However, it lacks an access control modifier, making it publicly accessible to anyone. This unrestricted access contradicts the intended use of the function, which should only be callable by permissioned actors.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function is intended to be called only by permissioned actors, as indicated by the documentation comment. However, the function implementation does not set any access control modifier, allowing any external user to call it and retrieve the list of supported payment tokens.
## Impact
* Information Exposure: Sensitive information about supported stablecoins can be accessed by unauthorized users, potentially leading to strategic disadvantages.
* Increased Load on the Network: Public access can result in frequent calls by various users or automated scripts, increasing network congestion and gas costs.
* Privacy Concerns: Exposing the list of supported payment tokens publicly can lead to privacy issues if the information is meant to be confidential. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/abstract/ManageableVault.sol#L125
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add an appropriate access control modifier to the `getPaymentTokens` function to restrict its usage to authorized actors only.

```solidity
 function getPaymentTokens() external view onlyVaultAdmin returns (address[] memory) {
        return _paymentTokens.values();
    }
```