Able Satin Tadpole

medium

# Users can renounce their `BLACKLISTED_ROLE` to freely exchange mtBill in the secondary market.

## Summary
> Midas is fully compliant with European securities regulation and the [Anti-Money Laundering](https://docs.midas.app/additional-topics/glossary#anti-money-laundering-laws-aml) law.

If a user is caught under AML, the blacklist operator (`BLACKLIST_OPERATOR_ROLE`) can immediately grant the `BLACKLISTED_ROLE` to the user, which will restrict the blacklisted user from exchanging mtBill tokens further in the secondary market. 

```solidity
    /**
     * @dev overrides _beforeTokenTransfer function to ban
     * blaclisted users from using the token functions
     */
    function _beforeTokenTransfer(
        address from,
        address to,
        uint256 amount
    )
        internal
        virtual
        override(ERC20PausableUpgradeable)
>@      onlyNotBlacklisted(from)
>@      onlyNotBlacklisted(to)
    {
        ERC20PausableUpgradeable._beforeTokenTransfer(from, to, amount);
    }
```
However, this check could be bypassed, the mtBill can be freely exchange. 

## Vulnerability Detail
This is due to the imposed `BLACKLISTED_ROLE` provided by OZ are not strictly imposed, an user who holds any kind of role throughout the protocol are free to `renounce` it anytime. 

The permissionless `renounceRole()` function can be called, to set the `_roles[BLACKLISTED_ROLE].members[user] = false`, means the user aren't blacklisted anymore. 

## Impact
mtBill can be used for illegal activities

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/a4a3cc23bb891913ce44665a4cdea9f5c1190f6c/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL.sol#L90
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The OZ renounce function is exist to provide a mechanism for accounts to lose their privileges if they are compromised. However, if the Midas chooses it for blacklisting then its must override this function, allowing only notBlacklisted user to renounce their role.   