Mini Leather Squirrel

high

# Vulnerability in Access Control Allows Blacklisted Users to Revoke Blacklist Role

## Summary
A vulnerability exists in the mTBILL contract, which inherits from Blacklistable and uses AccessControlUpgradeable from OpenZeppelin to manage roles. Specifically, the renounceRole function in AccessControlUpgradeable allows any user to renounce their own roles, including the BLACKLISTED_ROLE. This means that blacklisted users can remove themselves from the blacklist, bypassing the restrictions imposed by the _beforeTokenTransfer function and enabling them to transfer tokens despite being blacklisted

## Vulnerability Detail
In the mTBILL contract, the _beforeTokenTransfer function is overridden to include checks that prevent blacklisted users from transferring tokens. This is achieved using the onlyNotBlacklisted modifier. The blacklisting mechanism relies on the BLACKLISTED_ROLE, managed through OpenZeppelin's AccessControlUpgradeable contract.

However, the renounceRole function in AccessControlUpgradeable allows any user to renounce (i.e., revoke) any role they hold, including the BLACKLISTED_ROLE. The function does not distinguish between different types of roles, and as long as the user is renouncing their own role, it permits the action

## Impact
The ability for blacklisted users to unilaterally remove themselves from the blacklist undermines the integrity of the blacklist mechanism. This vulnerability can lead to unauthorized token transfers by blacklisted users

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL.sol#L90
```javascript
function _beforeTokenTransfer(
        address from,
        address to,
        uint256 amount
    )
        internal
        virtual
        override(ERC20PausableUpgradeable)
        onlyNotBlacklisted(from)
        onlyNotBlacklisted(to)
    {
        ERC20PausableUpgradeable._beforeTokenTransfer(from, to, amount);
    }

function renounceRole(bytes32 role, address account) public virtual override {
        require(account == _msgSender(), "AccessControl: can only renounce roles for self");

        _revokeRole(role, account);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, modify the renounceRole function to prevent users from renouncing the BLACKLISTED_ROLE.One approach is to override renounceRole in the Blacklistable contract or in the mTBILL contract to include an additional check that disallows renouncing the blacklist role.