Smooth Rosewood Porcupine

medium

# _getDataInBase18() doesn't check If Arbitrum sequencer is down in Chainlink feeds

## Summary
When deploying Chainlink price feeds on Layer 2 (L2) chains such as Arbitrum, it is crucial to ensure the integrity and freshness of the provided data. A specific vulnerability arises when the L2 sequencer is down, potentially leading to falsely perceived fresh data. This vulnerability can be exploited by malicious actors to gain an unfair advantage in financial operations and trading activities.

## Vulnerability Detail
Sequencer Downtime:

On L2 chains like Arbitrum, the sequencer is responsible for ordering transactions and ensuring the network's smooth operation.
If the sequencer is down, the data feed updates can be delayed or stopped altogether.
Despite this downtime, the system may not accurately reflect the data's staleness, leading users to believe the prices are current when they are not.

Potential Exploitation:

Malicious actors could exploit this misperception by performing trades or financial operations based on outdated data, thereby gaining an unfair advantage over other market participants.
This can lead to significant financial losses for other users and undermine the trust in the platform.

```solidity
// @audit check if Arbitrum L2 sequencer is down in Chainlink feeds
// There is no check
 function _getDataInBase18() private view returns (uint80 roundId, uint256 answer) {
        uint8 decimals = aggregator.decimals();
        (uint80 _roundId, int256 _answer,, uint256 updatedAt,) = aggregator.latestRoundData();
        require(_answer > 0, "DF: feed is deprecated");
        require(
            // solhint-disable-next-line not-rely-on-time
            block.timestamp - updatedAt <= _HEALTHY_DIFF,
            "DF: feed is unhealthy"
        );
        roundId = _roundId;
        answer = uint256(_answer).convertToBase18(decimals);
    }

```

## Impact
Malicious actors could manipulate the market based on outdated information.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/feeds/DataFeed.sol#L64-L80

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Chainlink Example
https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds#example-code
