Warm Topaz Pig

medium

# Chainlink's `latestRoundData()` has no check for round completeness

## Summary
Failing to check for round completeness can result in stale prices and incorrect price returns, leading to outdated price data. This can cause functions that depend on accurate price feeds to malfunction, potentially resulting in the wrong minimum deposit amounts.

## Vulnerability Detail
The DataFeed's `_getDataInBase18()` function calls `latestRoundData()` to retrieve a token's price. Although the returned timestamp is verified, there is no check for round completeness.

According to Chainlink's documentation, if no answer is available, the function does not error out but instead returns 0 or outdated round data. Relying on an external Chainlink oracle for index price information introduces risks inherent to third-party data sources. For example, the oracle might lag behind or fail to be maintained, leading to outdated data being used in index price calculations. Historically, dependency on oracles has caused issues in on-chain systems, with problems arising from situations as simple as network congestion.

## Impact
If Chainlink has trouble starting a new round and reaching the consensus on the oracle's value (e.g., due to node abandonment, network congestion, or attacks on the Chainlink system), the contract may continue using outdated data. This can result in stale prices and incorrect price values. Consequently, functions that rely on accurate price feeds might not work correctly.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/feeds/DataFeed.sol#L64-L80

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider modifying the function `_getDataInBase18()`:

```diff
    function _getDataInBase18()
        private
        view
        returns (uint80 roundId, uint256 answer)
    {
        uint8 decimals = aggregator.decimals();
-        (uint80 _roundId, int256 _answer, , uint256 updatedAt, ) = aggregator
+        (uint80 _roundId, int256 _answer, , uint256 updatedAt, uint80 answeredInRound) = aggregator
            .latestRoundData();
        require(_answer > 0, "DF: feed is deprecated");
+      require(answeredInRound >= _roundId, "round not complete");
        require(
            // solhint-disable-next-line not-rely-on-time
            block.timestamp - updatedAt <= _HEALTHY_DIFF,
            "DF: feed is unhealthy"
        );
        roundId = _roundId;
        answer = uint256(_answer).convertToBase18(decimals);
    }
```