Stale Parchment Sloth

medium

# It's possible to deposit/redeem without completing the KYC process with abstract wallets

## Summary
The protocol follows strictly to legal regulations and requires user to complete KYC before interact with the protocol. However, this can be bypassed if one owner of the abstract wallet completes the KYC process.

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol is quite centralized, and users are granted `GreenList` role by the protocol after completing the KYC and AMM process. We we can see, the [`deposit`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91) and the [`redeem`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L61) function all have the green list role checking modifier:

```solidity
    function deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
    // ... snip


    function redeem(address tokenOut, uint256 amountTBillIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
```

Also, later in the `deposit` function, if the address's deposited amount is greater than 0, then this address will no longer be checked for min deposit amount:

```solidity
    function _validateAmountUsdIn(address user, uint256 amountUsdIn)
        internal
        view
    {
        if (totalDeposited[user] != 0) return;
        require(
            amountUsdIn >= minAmountToDepositInUsd(),
            "DV: usd amount < min"
        );
    }
```

The above logic is all good by itself, but if the incoming sender is from an abstract wallet, and one of its owner has been cleared for KYC and AMM, it means other owners which shares the same wallet can also interact with the vaults. An example would be, Alice, Bob, Charlie, and David are all owners of an abstract wallet, Alice uses her personal info to clear KYC and AMM, and has the wallet's address granted green list role. Bob, on the other hand, may have some bad background, and may not be able to clear for KYC and AMM, but he sees that the wallet's address are green listed, so he also deposited some USDC to the vault, and also eligible for redeem mTBILL as well. The protocol can certainly put this wallet's address on blacklist, but Alice, being innocent will also suffer from this punishment, also risking to lose her funds.

## Impact
Abstract wallet users may bypass KYC and AMM, violating legal regulations. Banning the address will also make the initial innocent user to potentially lose funds.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
    // ... snip


    function redeem(address tokenOut, uint256 amountTBillIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The honest suggestion is disabling contract from participanting as trying to mitigate abstract wallet issues is just tedious.
