Main Ash Troll

medium

# The user can call the redeem function with any token he wants which can be bad for the protocol in some cases

## Summary
The user can call the redeem function with any token he wants.

## Vulnerability Detail
The user can call the `redeem` function in the redemption vault and he can specify whatever token he likes. But as it is said in the documentation this shouldn't be the case because the redemption vault has its own list of supported USD tokens like the other vaults.
`All vaults do have it own lists of supported USD tokens.` These are the exact words of how it is explained.
```solidity
function redeem(address tokenOut, uint256 amountTBillIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
        require(amountTBillIn > 0, "RV: 0 amount");

        address user = msg.sender;

        lastRequestId.increment();
        uint256 requestId = lastRequestId.current();

        _requireTokenExists(tokenOut);
        _tokenTransferFromUser(address(mTBILL), amountTBillIn);

        emit Redeem(requestId, user, tokenOut, amountTBillIn);
    }
```
This is the redeem function which calls the `_requireTokenExists` function. Which is represented in the next way:
```solidity
 function _requireTokenExists(address token) internal view override {
        if (token == MANUAL_FULLFILMENT_TOKEN) return;
        super._requireTokenExists(token);
    }
```
This only checks if the `token == MANUAL_FULLFILMENT_TOKEN` which is the address that represents off-chain USD bank transfer.
The user can call the redeem function with a token that depreciates in price very often and get some kind of USD stablecoin instead, this way money can be lost. Yes, the admin can decide to cancel the deposit request but it is still likely that this can happen sometimes.

## Impact
If the scenario explained above happens money can be lost.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/a4a3cc23bb891913ce44665a4cdea9f5c1190f6c/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L61-L77

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/a4a3cc23bb891913ce44665a4cdea9f5c1190f6c/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L90C4-L93C6

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make a list of tokens that can be used and put checks in the function which check if the user who is depositing the tokens is depositing a token from the list.
