Shambolic Fern Porpoise

medium

# Insecure Role Checks in MidasAccessControl

## Summary

The `MidasAccessControl.sol` contract currently suffers from an insecure role management mechanism, which allows potential unauthorized modifications of role assignments. Specifically, the flaw arises from the fact that a role owner can front-run role revocations by assigning their role to another address, thereby circumventing intended role revocation actions.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability stems from the flawed role management functions `grantRoleMult()` and `revokeRoleMult()` in the `MidasAccessControl.sol` contract. While these functions are designed to grant or revoke multiple roles, they lack adequate access controls to prevent unauthorized role modifications. Although the role owner should ideally be the only entity capable of granting or revoking their respective role, the current implementation allows for abuse. For instance, if the deployer gives address `X` the role of `A`, intending to revoke it later, `X` can potentially front-run this action by assigning the `A` role to address `Y` before the deployer can execute the intended revocation:

```solidity
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < roles.length; i++) {
            _checkRole(getRoleAdmin(roles[i]), sender);
            _grantRole(roles[i], addresses[i]);
        }
```

```solidity
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < roles.length; i++) {
            _checkRole(getRoleAdmin(roles[i]), sender);
            _revokeRole(roles[i], addresses[i]);
        }
```

## Impact

Role owners can exploit the system to elevate the privileges of unauthorized addresses by granting them roles they should not possess. The vulnerability allows to bypass of intended role revocation actions, thereby maintaining access to privileged functionalities even after they were supposed to be revoked.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/access/MidasAccessControl.sol#L34-L44

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/access/MidasAccessControl.sol#L53-L63

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a designated general admin role responsible for all role management actions. Only this admin should have the authority to grant or revoke roles. Modify the `grantRoleMult()` and `revokeRoleMult()` functions to include a modifier that restricts access to the general admin role and finally add functionality to change general admin if needed, ensuring flexibility and scalability in the role management system.
