Little Myrtle Pigeon

medium

# mTBILL implements Pausable but no function can be paused, making the implementation and the PAUSE_OPERATOR useless.

## Summary

For a contract to be pausable, it must implement pausable functionality (functions/roles) and add the  `whenNotPaused` modifier to critical functions. The first part has been correctly implemented, but no functions has the modifier, which makes calling pause completely ineffective. 

Lacking this intended functionality could have grave effect when the protocol needs to pause token functionality due to some extreme event (hack/bug/comprised minter or burner role). 

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocol clearly intends to implement pausable functionality for the mTBILL contract, since:

- mTBILL is ER20PausableUpgradeable
- a pauser role, M_TBILL_PAUSE_OPERATOR_ROLE, is defined and assigned.
- specific pause/unpause functions are defined which, according to NatSpec, should put the mTBILL token on pause. 

However, only functions with the  `whenNotPaused` modifier are effected when  `pause` is called. This modifier is missing from every function in the contract, thereby making pausing completely ineffective.   

## Impact

In the case of a hack or a comprised minter/burner actor, it is imperative that the Pause_Operator can pause all token functionality. Lacking this functionality is the equivalent of missing a vital safeguard to protect the protocol. 



## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/interfaces/IMTbill.sol#L35-L45

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/mTBILL.sol#L54-L74
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The  `whenNotPaused` modifier should be added to the `mint` and `burn` functions. 