Tart Basil Rabbit

high

# Insecure Role Assignment in MidasAccessControl Smart Contract

## Summary
A critical vulnerability has been identified in the `MidasAccessControl` smart contract. The vulnerability allows any user to call the `grantRoleMult` function and assign any role, including high-privilege roles, to themselves or others without proper authorization. This security flaw could lead to unauthorized minting of tokens and other malicious actions.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `grantRoleMult` does not implement proper access control checks to restrict who can grant roles. This allows any user to invoke the function and assign roles such as `M_TBILL_MINT_OPERATOR_ROLE` to themselves or others. Once a user has the `M_TBILL_MINT_OPERATOR_ROLE`, they can call the `mint` function and create an unlimited number of tokens, leading to severe economic and security consequences for the system.

## Impact
The lack of access control in the `grantRoleMult` function can lead to the following impacts:

- Unauthorized Minting: Malicious users can mint unlimited tokens, causing inflation and devaluation of the token.
- Role Mismanagement: Unauthorized users can grant themselves or others various admin roles, leading to potential control over critical functions of the contract.
- Economic Loss: The integrity and trust in the token can be severely compromised, leading to significant financial losses for legitimate users and stakeholders.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/access/MidasAccessControl.sol#L34-L44

```solidity

function grantRoleMult(bytes32[] memory roles, address[] memory addresses) external {
    require(roles.length == addresses.length, "MAC: mismatch arrays");
    address sender = msg.sender;

    for (uint256 i = 0; i < roles.length; i++) {
        _checkRole(getRoleAdmin(roles[i]), sender); // This check should verify the sender's permission
        _grantRole(roles[i], addresses[i]);
    }
}


```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To fix this vulnerability, implement proper access control checks in the `grantRoleMult` function. Ensure that only authorized users can call this function. Here is a possible solution:

```solidity

function grantRoleMult(bytes32[] memory roles, address[] memory addresses) external {
    require(roles.length == addresses.length, "MAC: mismatch arrays");
    require(hasRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, msg.sender), "MAC: must have admin role to grant");

    for (uint256 i = 0; i < roles.length; i++) {
        _checkRole(getRoleAdmin(roles[i]), msg.sender);
        _grantRole(roles[i], addresses[i]);
    }
}


```

This code adds a requirement that the caller must have the `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` to grant roles, ensuring that only authorized administrators can assign roles.