Ripe Charcoal Anteater

medium

# User won't be able to get back their deposited USDC token if their address is blacklisted

## Summary
User won't be able to get back their deposited USDC token if their address is blacklisted

## Vulnerability Detail
The greenlisted users deposits their USDC by calling `DepositVault.deposit()` function and they get the mTBILL tokens. The users can redeem their tokens to get back their deposited USDC tokens by calling `RedemptionVault.redeem()` by selecting tokenOut as USDC.

Tokens like USDC have a blacklist() function which is used to blacklist any address by USDC admin. This can be checked [here](https://etherscan.io/address/0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48#readProxyContract)

The issue here is, the user to whom USDC tokens will be transferred after successful redeem can get blacklisted by USDC.

Consider below scenario,

1) Alice has deposited USDC by calling  `DepositVault.deposit()`.

2) After few days/months, Alice decides to redeem and get back the deposited USDC from Midas by transferring the `mTBILL` tokens to token receiver. 

3) Alice finds that her address is blacklisted by USDC. 

4) When Midas tries to transfer USDC to Alice, the transaction fails as the transfer function checks the recipient address is blacklisted or not. 

Below is the transfer method of USDC,
```solidity
    function transfer(address to, uint256 value)
        external
        override
        whenNotPaused
        notBlacklisted(msg.sender)
        notBlacklisted(to)                            @audit// checks recipient is blacklisted or not
        returns (bool)
    {
        _transfer(msg.sender, to, value);
        return true;
    }
 ```
 
USDC notBlacklisted() modifier,
```solidity
    modifier notBlacklisted(address _account) {
        require(
            !blacklisted[_account],
            "Blacklistable: account is blacklisted"
        );
        _;
    }
 ```
 
So the USDC transfer in our case will awalys revert and Alice wont be able to get back her USDC.

## Impact
Users wont be able to get back their deposited USDC if their address is blacklisted as Midas can not transfer USDC to blacklisted address.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/RedemptionVault.sol#L74

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Recommend to allow the USDC recipient address as function param in `RedemptionVault.redeem()` function.

For example:

```diff
-    function redeem(address tokenOut, uint256 amountTBillIn)
+    function redeem(address tokenOut, uint256 amountTBillIn, address recipient)
```