Fun Hickory Otter

medium

# Incorrect Storage Gap Placement in Inheritance Chain

## Summary

Storage gaps are incorrectly placed in top-level contracts instead of base contracts, limiting future upgradability.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability lies in the incorrect placement of storage gaps within the contract inheritance hierarchy. Storage gaps should be introduced in base contracts that are intended to be upgradable, rather than in top-level contracts. In the current design:

- **`DepositVault`** defines storage gaps.
- However, **`ManageableVault`**, a base contract inherited by **`DepositVault`**, does not define storage gaps.

This incorrect usage means that only the top-level contracts (**`DepositVault.sol`**, **`mTBILL.sol`**, **`RedemptionVault.sol`**) can be upgraded in the future and there is no need of storage gaps in these contracts. This design flaw can prevent the protocol from upgrading more fundamental components of the contract system, leading to potential issues in maintaining and evolving the protocol.

The issue qualifies for an exception based on the [[Sherlock judging criteria](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#iv.-how-to-identify-a-high-issue)](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#iv.-how-to-identify-a-high-issue), as the protocol design has a highly complex and branched set of contract inheritance with storage gaps inconsistently applied throughout. This issue clearly describes the necessity of storage gaps and why their current implementation poses a medium-level risk.

## Impact

Medium

## Code Snippet

The gaps defined in top-level contract (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L60): 

```jsx
contract DepositVault is ManageableVault, IDepositVault {
    ...
    /**
     * @dev leaving a storage gap for futures updates
     */
    uint256[50] private __gap;
```

No gaps defined in base contract (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/abstract/ManageableVault.sol#L60):
```jsx
abstract contract ManageableVault is Greenlistable, Pausable, IManageableVault {
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce storage gaps in base contracts that are intended to be upgradable. 
