Sunny Sand Cow

medium

# Users can bypass the initial deposit amount and paused checks by direct transfers, which breaks protocol's intended functionality

## Summary

The `DepositVault::deposit` function serves as an entry-point for "greenlisted" users to be able to interact with the protocol. They deposit USDC, then there are an off-chain operations conducted and later on admin mints the necessary amount of `mBTILL` token back to the user. However as stated in the docs: "The minimum investment amount is €100,000. Since transactions are denominated in either USD or USDC, the respective exchange rate is applied"

```javascript
function deposit(address tokenIn, uint256 amountUsdIn)
        external
        onlyGreenlisted(msg.sender)
        whenNotPaused
    {
        address user = msg.sender;

        _requireTokenExists(tokenIn);

        lastRequestId.increment();
        uint256 requestId = lastRequestId.current();

        if (!isFreeFromMinDeposit[user]) {
            _validateAmountUsdIn(user, amountUsdIn);
        }
        require(amountUsdIn > 0, "DV: invalid amount");

        totalDeposited[user] += amountUsdIn;
        _tokenTransferFromUser(tokenIn, amountUsdIn);

        emit Deposit(requestId, user, tokenIn, amountUsdIn);
    }

    function _tokenTransferFromUser(address token, uint256 amount) internal {
        IERC20(token).safeTransferFrom(
            msg.sender,
            tokensReceiver,
            amount.convertFromBase18(_tokenDecimals(token))
        );
    }
```

The problem here is that a user can bypass the 100,000 requirement check by directly transfering USDC tokens to the `tokenReceiver` contract, which breaks the protocol's intended functionality. Also a user can bypass the pausing mechanism like that. 

I consider this is as an exploit, since `totalDeposited` mapping is used for checking users initial deposit amount, and the `Deposit` event for internal notification, confirmed by the sponsors via Discord communication. That means the `amountUsdIn` parameter in `deposit` function is not used for tracking and later on issuing `mBTILL` tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

Check description section

## Impact

Users can bypass the 100,000 minimum initial amount check and the pausability mechanism by conducting direct transfer, which breaks the protocol's intended behavior and allows them to interact with the protocol freely.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/cec3bff783d4065ef091bc694c2e5404184440fc/midas-contracts/contracts/DepositVault.sol#L91-L111

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Since the `deposit` function serves as an entry-point for users, i would recommend to use the values emitted from the event as a proof for deposit, and additionally i would recommend to add a mechanism to check if a user indeed deposits an 18 decimals value even for honest users, because some values will get truncated to 0:

Example: 

1. User deposits 1000e6, instead an amount of 18 decimals as it's required in the `deposit()` natspec
2. Before transfering to `tokenReceiver` calls `convertFromBase18`, which calls `convert`
3. And the result will look like this: 

```javascript
function convert() ...
...
adjustedAmount =
                originalAmount /
                (10**(originalDecimals - decidedDecimals));
...

adjustedAmount = 1000e6 / (10**(18 - 6)) = 1000e6 / (10**12) = 0
```

In this case the emitted event will record wrong values.
