Damaged Bone Rhino

medium

# [M-1] `Pausable.sol::__Pausable_init` does not initialize PausableUpgradeable

## Summary

The `Pausable` contract in the Midas project inherits from OpenZeppelin's `PausableUpgradeable` but does not call its initializer. This oversight can lead to future compatibility issues and violates best practices for initializing inherited contracts.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `Pausable` contract fails to call `__Pausable_init` from `PausableUpgradeable` during its initialization. This omission can result in uninitialized state variables and other potential issues in future upgrades, especially if the inherited contract's initializer logic is expanded. The current implementation relies on Solidity's default value initialization, which is not a robust practice for complex systems.

## Impact

1. Future Compatibility: Potential issues during future upgrades if PausableUpgradeable's initialization logic changes or expands.
   
2. Operational Risks: Relying on default initialization values can lead to unexpected behavior in complex systems.
   
3. Best Practices Violation: Not adhering to best practices for contract initialization can be seen as a security risk.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-midas/blob/main/midas-contracts/contracts/access/Pausable.sol#L29?plain=1

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Call the initializer of `PausableUpgradeable` within the `__Pausable_init` function of the `Pausable` contract to ensure all inherited state variables are correctly initialized and to maintain future compatibility.

```diff
function __Pausable_init(address _accessControl) internal onlyInitializing {
        __WithMidasAccessControl_init(_accessControl);
+      __PausableUpgradeable_init();  // Ensure PausableUpgradeable is initialized
}
```